c car
Yeah yeah yeah
5 standing
Everyone like good morning ss Benz There is a Ueno of Japan
Tokyo Auto Salon today from a very early morning
lss Thank you very much for coming in a separate stand
Well Aspirations by Face
Last year from the 2013 beginning of the year
Actively introduce new models
Thanks to you, the highest sales ever as a Japanese corporation
It's 53,700
I was able to remember
Thank you very much
This year too
Tightening the breakthrough two Tsutame reins more than 100 years
Or sprinting to beres s another speed to everyone like
I want you to feel the enthusiasm
You are welcome
So first of all at the beginning of the year and with this Tokyo Auto Salon
Directly below I will to be hands-opening
This is the world's largest customer car festival to be visited at Tokyo Auto Salon
Up close look at the line-up of Els s Benz to people of avid car fan
I hope you enjoy it
This time the son of Els Ace's Alka Stan Car
mainly on amg
A total of 17 6200 needles will be on the ceiling
In addition , in commemoration of the first store opening to auto salon
Here we will show off in front of a single special to everyone
This a 45 game g 4 matic but it stands
It will be green
Berense
l sa safely taken without opera, we have participated in the f 1 as a team, but this
The first amg performance studio as the British queen bearing Petronas
Become a decision maker
By the way, this stage I am standing now
I also want to pay attention to
This is the flagship model of Mitsubishi Fuso, a group company
Super Great Black Diamond Edition
In this specially designed city for this auto salon
Give car needle to Daiso
I have set the luxury equipment
Well the addition of this car this is a total of 6580 horsepower because it is 380 horsepower
It will open a store